docs: meeting minutes 2019 Jun 28th (#15)
falcosecurity/office-hours: meeting-notes/2019-jun-28.md

# Falco Office hours - Meeting 6th June 2019

> **MC:** Lorenzo Fontana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MC**: Lorenzo Fontana
```

 [falco#692](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/pull/692)
- Better installation docs [falco-website#29](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/29)
- Better build from source docs [falco-website#28](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/28)

## Proposals

[office-hours#13](https://github.com/falcosecurity/office-hours/issues/13): Falco unit testing

- **Lorenzo**: A thing from this week is that we introduced a testing framework using catch2 for falco. Everyone is encouraged to take a look and provide feedback, we are now doing the first test for token_bucket.cpp in the falco engine. Falco already has integration tests but we want to test single units to be more effective at writing new features and avoid regressions.
- **Mark**: Ok for unit tests but why did you decide to go over with Catch2 vs Google test?
Google test is widely used in Sysdig projects and since a very large part of the codebase is coming from sysdig you could just copy some tests from us, that would be a good deal. Also bad news, the token_bucket.cpp is already tested with google test, well, the version that we copied

> - **Lorenzo**: That’s a good point, I will look into it with the other maintainers and will escalate this discussion to a broader group of people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Lorenzo**: That's a good point, I will look into it with the other maintainers and will escalate this discussion to a broader group of people.
```

[office-hours#14](https://github.com/falcosecurity/office-hours/issues/14): PSP support

> - **Mark**: I’m working on PSP, the idea is that you take a PSP and turn it to a falco rule and it checks all the PSP says, if you see the same result, it means that the PSP works in the way you expect. So the idea is that you can use falco to check out your psps and see if they behave like you expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Mark**: I'm working on PSP, the idea is that you take a PSP and turn it to a falco rule and it checks all the PSP says, if you see the same result, it means that the PSP works in the way you expect. So the idea is that you can use falco to check out your psps and see if they behave like you expected.
```

- **Lorenzo**: Thanks Mark!

**Other discussions without a proposal**:

- **Lorenzo**: Marky, you told me you would like to work on CI with the CNCF in order to have something external from sysdig and since travis CI is not serving us well we really need your help

> - **Marky**: I will work on figuring out something for that, I’ve been already working on CI with the CNCF for another project and I have some opinions on using Jenkins for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Marky**: I will work on figuring out something for that, I've been already working on CI with the CNCF for another project and I have some opinions on using Jenkins for it.
```
